Running a simple count of the total number of rows on the table,
we see that it contains 506 active subscriptions.
We want to see if each subscriber is tied to exactly one subscription.
Hence, we run another query counting the number of distinct subscribers,
only to find out that there are some subscribers that are double counted in the table,
leading to our suspicion that there are cases where
some subscribers are subscribed to more than one type of subscription at the same time.
So here we confirm our primary key is not subscriber ID.
We run another query that counts the distinct number of subscriber IDs
concatenated with subscription ID to confirm that our suspicions are correct.
The primary key for this table is not subscriber itself,
but rather both subscriber ID and subscription ID.